[main]
host = https://www.transifex.com

[safeslinger.exchange-strings]
file_filter = translations/safeslinger.exchange-strings/<lang>.xml
source_file = res/values/strings.xml
source_lang = en
trans.ar = res/values-ar/strings.xml
trans.bg = res/values-bg/strings.xml
trans.bn = res/values-bn/strings.xml
trans.ca = res/values-ca/strings.xml
trans.cs = res/values-cs/strings.xml
trans.da = res/values-da/strings.xml
trans.de = res/values-de/strings.xml
trans.el = res/values-el/strings.xml
trans.es = res/values-es/strings.xml
trans.fi = res/values-fi/strings.xml
trans.fr = res/values-fr/strings.xml
trans.hi = res/values-hi/strings.xml
trans.hu = res/values-hu/strings.xml
trans.id = res/values-in/strings.xml
trans.it = res/values-it/strings.xml
trans.he = res/values-iw/strings.xml
trans.ja = res/values-ja/strings.xml
trans.jv = res/values-jv/strings.xml
trans.ko = res/values-ko/strings.xml
trans.nl = res/values-nl/strings.xml
trans.no = res/values-no/strings.xml
trans.pa = res/values-pa/strings.xml
trans.pl = res/values-pl/strings.xml
trans.pt = res/values-pt/strings.xml
trans.ro = res/values-ro/strings.xml
trans.ru = res/values-ru/strings.xml
trans.sk = res/values-sk/strings.xml
trans.sr = res/values-sr/strings.xml
trans.sv = res/values-sv/strings.xml
trans.tr = res/values-tr/strings.xml
trans.ur = res/values-ur/strings.xml
trans.vi = res/values-vi/strings.xml
trans.cmn = res/values-zh/strings.xml
trans.zh_CN = res/values-zh-rCN/strings.xml
trans.zh_TW = res/values-zh-rTW/strings.xml
type = ANDROID
